[Music]
indeed him of the future of the planet
under necessary shops of the system
I am human evolutionary change
bulletproof superhuman very you bad guy
the mission has been compromised
we need help
[Music]
our targets name is Brixton he's a ghost
we're gonna need the best trackers in
the business Luke Hobbs on what you call
a nice cold can of whoop-ass career
lawmen always gets his guy we're gonna
need to operate outside the system
Deckard Shaw I'm what you might call a
champagne problem rogue former mi6 agent
doesn't play well with others if we
stand a chance against bricks today you
guys have to work together
this job requires stealth
look at you I'm trying to save the world
which for the record
you'll be my four-time cuz I'm really
good at it you have no idea what we're
dealing with
Hobbs is sure
you know in war
you've got one
remember me
[Music]
what
three shocks will kill a man there we go
the best fit your big mouth huh yeah I
thought it was cool things in the moment
[Music]